hi everybody today i want to recap
erotic thriller movie called knock knock
hope you enjoy
architect and happily married man evan
weber has the house to himself and his
dog monkey on father's day weekend due
to work in a physical therapy
appointment for a shoulder injury while
his wife and children go on a family
planned beach trip
his wife karen a successful artist
leaves their assistant lewis in charge
of her sculpture that needs to be moved
to an art gallery for her show
say goodbye to monkey bye monkey
daddy don't forget to send all your
party pics on instagram
i love you thank you i love you guys
at night two women knock on evan's door
during a rainstorm
they introduce themselves as genesis and
belle
soaking wet they tell him they are
looking for the address of a party
as their phone is not working evan
allows them in to dry off and use the
internet to get hold of the party's host
he gives them robes so they can dry
their clothes in his dryer
the girls make themselves at home and
flirt with evan while he orders an uber
for them and plays a few of his old
vinyl records from his days as a dj
they then disappear to the bathroom when
their driver arrives
evan brings them their clothes and finds
them nude he tries to convince them to
leave but as they start forcing
themselves upon him he gives in and has
a threesome with them
happy father's day
[Music]
the next morning evan finds out that his
wife's sculpture has been vandalized by
the girls
when evan threatens to call the police
the girls claim they are underage
vivian a friend of karen's stops by to
see if evan needs help
seeing genesis vivian angrily leaves
when evan threatens to report a break-in
they give in and agree to be taken home
he then returns home cleans the mess the
girls have made and tries to go back to
his work
just as he is getting closer to
completing his project he hears a
shattering noise
when he stoops to pick up a broken
picture frame of his family genesis
knocks him out with one of his wife's
sculptures
while he unconscious they tied him to
his bed and bell climbs onto him in an
attempt to arouse him while role-playing
as a schoolgirl in his daughter's school
uniform
evan initially refuses but the girls
threaten to facetime his wife with him
unless he agrees to do what they demand
bell rapes him while genesis records
everything calling him a pedophile
[ __ ]
[ __ ] like it was last night
however evan breaks free and knocks bell
to the floor he charges at genesis but
she stabs him with a fork
she and bell tie him to a chair with an
electrical cord
lewis arrives to collect the sculpture
and finds evan but before he can help
him he hears the girls smashing the
vandalized sculpture
he runs to stop them but then has an
asthma attack and realizes they have
taken his inhaler
as he tries to get it back he slips on a
piece of the sculpture hits his head
while falling and dies
the giggling girls turn lewis's corpse
into a red sculpture and dig a makeshift
grave in the backyard for evan
they also use both evans and lewis's
phones to text and make it look like
lewis discovered that evan had an affair
with lewis's wife and because of this
was murdered by evan
the sadistic girls trash the house
torment and torture evan cut his hair
and force him to play hide and seek
[Music]
when genesis and bell begin trying to
find evan he escapes from the house only
to be stopped and held at gunpoint by
genesis
[Music]
the girls tell him that they have killed
other men and announced that he will die
at dawn
at dawn they tie evan up with a hose
bury him in the hole leaving only his
head above ground and tell him they will
crush his skull with a large stone
you [ __ ] harsh knock knock who's
there cheating evan she didn't even who
cheating eventually gets you killed
ready evan
[Music]
it misses his head by inches and the
girls laughing hysterically then
revealed that the entire ordeal was
merely a game as they never intended to
kill evan nor are either of them
underage and that everything they did
was part of a wicked hobby of seducing
victimizing and ruining the homes of
married men with children
genesis shows evan the video she
recorded earlier with his phone of bell
raping him
as evan watches on she uploads it to his
facebook profile
they depart for another victim and take
monkey with them leaving evan to his
fate
karen and the kids arrived to find the
house ruined
[Music]
evan's son jake says daddy had a party
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video